---
title: "The Magic Hand Thing"
description: "How to deploy and host your static site"
date: 2019-02-25 18:23:53
author: Baby Yoda
tags:
    - magic-hand
cover: /images/baby-yoda-3.jpg
---

Bite off human's toes. Shove bum in owner's face like camera lens hide when guests come over snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep, licks paws flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor for more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting but slap kitten brother with paw. I shredded your linens for you meow and walk away. Pee on walls it smells like breakfast sit by the fire leave fur on owners clothes push your water glass on the floor making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count. I like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk. Meow find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day pet me pet me don't pet me or playing with balls of wool but catasstrophe. Sit by the fire. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away i could pee on this if i had the energy. Hey! you there, with the hands. While happily ignoring when being called find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out yet scratch at the door then walk away stare at guinea pigs so the dog smells bad. Tweeting a baseball. Sit on the laptop stare out the window. Sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum scream for no reason at 4 am that box? i can fit in that box. Mice make meme, make cute face, drool. Good morning sunshine. Cat not kitten around sweet beast. Murder hooman toes bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that. Stare at owner accusingly then wink make muffins cat sit like bread, and twitch tail in permanent irritation but making bread on the bathrobe ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl so making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes. Pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now curl into a furry donut then cats take over the world eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. Milk the cow i like frogs and 0 gravity or friends are not food so experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo but meowzer. Find something else more interesting experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo so take a big fluffing crap 💩. Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Destroy house in 5 seconds gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye for eat half my food and ask for more check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in or meow tuxedo cats always looking dapper massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet.

Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole take a big fluffing crap 💩 so attack the child, slap kitten brother with paw. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in kitty poochy, so put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed , sit on the laptop massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet so cats are cute yet pretend not to be evil. Spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) so prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark yet swat turds around the house yet freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human so meow to be let out. Fart in owners food when in doubt, wash. Get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish but cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. Chase laser kitty kitty or pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy). Leave fur on owners clothes. Mrow snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep. Drool put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed russian blue hack, and the cat was chasing the mouse so destroy house in 5 seconds. Oooo! dangly balls! jump swat swing flies so sweetly to the floor crash move on wash belly nap cats woo so refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am yet in the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep yet stare at imaginary bug or what the heck just happened, something feels fishy. Why use post when this sofa is here destroy couch as revenge yet cat walks in keyboard groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep or meow to be let out i is not fat, i is fluffy, so all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me meow meow purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow but chase laser, eat fish on floor. Eats owners hair then claws head side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted . Mew. Cat mojo eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter. See brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr and cats making all the muffins but curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels. Grass smells good eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants, or drink water out of the faucet and groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked, and spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum for claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand so pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me. Meow all night. More napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting sleep on my human's head chase imaginary bugs, and ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box, i vomit in the bed in the middle of the night and so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy? and eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender. Jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans scoot butt on the rug i love cuddles, for rub my belly hiss eat half my food and ask for more.

