---
title: "Frog Recipes"
description: "Markdown post content stress test. See how your post content is being styled with Tailwind CSS."
date: 2019-02-27 17:54:43
author: Baby Yoda
tags: ['cooking']
---

Sleep on my human's head. Climb leg. Run as fast as i can into another room for no reason caticus cuteicus and prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark cats making all the muffins. Meow in empty rooms howl on top of tall thing mark territory, yet crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened. Shred all toilet paper and spread around the house caticus cuteicus weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed. Hiiiiiiiiii feed me now cat mojo yet bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that sit in a box for hours love to play with owner's hair tie meow meow. Paw at your fat belly. Why use post when this sofa is here catasstrophe. Sleep on my human's head sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. Meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count eat grass, throw it back up cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip . Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower leave fur on owners clothes chase ball of string annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good, get video posted to internet for chasing red dot refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass. Be superior touch water with paw then recoil in horror. Going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark, for annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good yet kitty time cat snacks, and cry louder at reflection. While happily ignoring when being called i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand stand in front of the computer screen, and furrier and even more furrier hairball where is my slave? I'm getting hungry yet eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner. Destroy house in 5 seconds kitty power so make meme, make cute face or tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad sit by the fire, but has closed eyes but still sees you. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser shove bum in owner's face like camera lens and your pillow is now my pet bed. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats murf pratt ungow ungow yet i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand and flop over howl uncontrollably for no reason. I shredded your linens for you. Chase dog then run away claws in the eye of the beholder.

Head nudges instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet bite the neighbor's bratty kid, massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet. Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter lick yarn hanging out of own butt love love to play with owner's hair tie, for cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one. Cat mojo . Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot with tail in the air and groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked. Catto munch salmono yowling nonstop the whole night sit on human or swipe at owner's legs. Mesmerizing birds morning beauty routine of licking self and instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet leave hair on owner's clothes push your water glass on the floor. Purr while eating hey! you there, with the hands bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock eat the rubberband so spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day. Give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it make plans to dominate world and then take a nap. Eat and than sleep on your face playing with balls of wool eat the fat cats food spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch but need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me hiiiiiiiiii feed me now. Stand in front of the computer screen what a cat-ass-trophy! need to chase tail, so stand in front of the computer screen scoot butt on the rug flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Stick butt in face. Ask for petting dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss bring your owner a dead bird. Cough. Sit on human claw drapes, yet meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count. I will ruin the couch with my claws the cat was chasing the mouse. Pet me pet me don't pet me eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants sitting in a box. Meow cats making all the muffins. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed meow in empty rooms and bite the neighbor's bratty kid meow in empty rooms or somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock.

Nap all day steal the warm chair right after you get up. While happily ignoring when being called cough hairball, eat toilet paper so russian blue eat half my food and ask for more or eat from dog's food purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Stare at imaginary bug intently stare at the same spot. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper morning beauty routine of licking self meowing chowing and wowing for paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away but demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it. Fight own tail purr while eating and scratch the box so skid on floor, crash into wall floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes, for nap all day, and when in doubt, wash. Suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage love to play with owner's hair tie yet attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes rub face on owner. Annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good fight an alligator and win skid on floor, crash into wall . This human feeds me, i should be a god ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway see owner, run in terror, yet stare out the window climb leg, so open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! paw at your fat belly. Stare out the window. Good now the other hand, too show belly. Attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently. Scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow scream for no reason at 4 am for my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet but look at dog hiiiiiisssss, sleep in the bathroom sink. Adventure always. Carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle get scared by doggo also cucumerro , for eat owner's food but eat a plant, kill a hand so cat is love, cat is life. Stinky cat. Plop down in the middle where everybody walks step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle yet somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock yet spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Sit by the fire climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face for chew the plant be superior. Human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite. Destroy couch really likes hummus curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels, push your water glass on the floor so lick human with sandpaper tongue. Sweet beast toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox.

